---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-08T17:40:57.914Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-08T17:40:40.556Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-08-35c25d03-5714-44d0-aa26-be02b1bb340e.md
published: true
url: 35c25d03-5714-44d0-aa26-be02b1bb340e/index.html
_type: Article

---
Guiding Strala is a leader's handbook exploring the principles and practice of embodying the concepts we desire to inspire others with. The concepts apply to how we are in our body and mind, how we move, how we practice consistently, and how we guide others to discover a sustainable and rewarding process of lasting change in them selves. This book is designed to accompany a Strala Training program you can find happening around the world with our faculty members, myself, my husband and epic natural mover, Mike Taylor, and our dear friend, support and shiatsu teacher and practitioner, Sam Berlind. My goal is to empower those who desire to lead others to an easful experience of life. Achieving more with less effort, conservation of energy, awareness of self and the world around us through the physical, mental, and emotional practice of Strala Yoga.

We are brining along a yoga that is relevant for our lives in this insanely fast paced day in age, where we have all the information at our fingertips, are constantly short on time, rushed, and frantic. Strala Yoga is the practice of slowing down, softening, and relearning how to move naturally with the goal of sensitizing to how we feel. The result is accomplishing more with less effort, sustainably. The effect is radiant health, happiness, and most exciting for the current times, dissolved stress.